your investment account your retirement
account is at risk and I'll tell you why
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we're going to
talk about what's happening inside the
markets inside the economy how these two
link together what the central banks are
actually doing right now not speculating
what they are doing the actions they are
taking all of this extremely important
because it's going to have uh some
fantastic moves here this year so the
first thing I want to show you is 1
million investment choices
people have an infinite seemingly
infinite amount of choice right now and
yet a lot of that choice not exactly
beneficial for them all right so you
look around and understand what people
are getting themselves into the vast
majority are losing out losing out it is
very very often that people after taxes
after fees after everything is
considered that they are in a worse
position as time goes on who wins it's
the advisors it's those companies that
take the fees it's those on the other
end of those trades where people are
losing to Oh Yeah I broke even but you
didn't factor in this or that or taxes
or anything else oh but I'm tax loss
harvesting come on let's be honest with
ourselves okay that's the deal let's
look at the financial circumstances that
we have today a March cut is a shoe in
says the market and you're going to
currently at a 75% probability by the
way you look at that two days it's going
to be a different number okay it's
constantly fluctuating but in general
the market believes that the Federal
Reserve is going to cut in March I don't
know it's right now as of today it seems
like that's a little bit early uh if
they would by the way the March cut is
the announcement and then uh the action
would likely happen the following month
in April um
regardless when we see that or or there
could be the quantitative tightening
that begins in April that's what they're
saying um I don't know honestly I really
don't know at this point it seems a
little bit premature however they could
then go out to the market and say to the
investors to the public and say we want
to do this but we're just waiting so
they can kind of slow like you know step
with one foot we'll see what happens at
the coming meeting I'll bring that to
you but everything is hinging on the
Federal Reserve these actions that they
take because it affects mortgages it
affects credit cards it affects
everybody you know that and now we've
got a big concern Fed rate Cuts might
overstimulate the economy of course
Financial conditions already
accommodative at the current cash rate
so they're saying they're not
restrictive right now they are
accommodative th this is what it is I
mean you got to take Financial
conditions broadly this doesn't mean
just the FED funds rate but you got to
take in like everything widespread
everything into account and this is kind
of the situation that you know we've got
to deal with right now I don't know I
don't know are they are they going to
cut rates and then start to fuel
inflation and then have to do it again
or are they confident that inflation is
over and done with I want to insert
something though we've been talking
about this 2% Target and if you remember
not long ago I was talking about it a
lot more
frequently but I believe that they could
absolutely raise their Target because
when inflation gets down to that 3%
level it can become sticky many have
said this before 3% maybe is the new 2%
what do you think about that do you
think that they would just simply raise
their target look we're talking about
fake inflation we're talking about the
manipulated inflation I get that but
understand where they are going right
now
now okay that seems like something that
they could very well do or as I've said
before maybe create like a window
they'll say between 2% and 3% instead of
trying to precisely get at this 2% level
we have a you know a sliding Target 2%
to 3% so they can achieve their goal
without ever actually getting there
we'll see look at this financial
conditions globally while you know Fair
fairly recently towards the end of the
year last year Financial conditions were
easing in the shorter term basically
since the beginning of the year they
start to tighten a little bit it's still
way too early to tell but that's what's
happening at this time so let's keep an
eye on that because this affects
everything Financial conditions broadly
I mean you'll see like it look at for
instance mortgage rates right mortgage
rates while they are kind of indirectly
tied to what the FED would do it's not
directly okay because it's going to be
based on the 10year so the 10year is
going to be the determining factor for
the mortgage rate but if the Federal
Reserve continuously is increasing
interest rates then of course it would
have an impact on mortgage rates but now
even though that the FED has kept their
um fed funds rate at this level mortgage
rates have come down from 8% and now
falling falling further I think believe
it's over over 1% drop at this
time Wall Street Chiefs are finally
calling the bottom of the deal making
drought that has plagued their earnings
in the past two years Executives at the
biggest banks are expecting a pickup in
the coming months tied with the fed's
apparent pivot away from two years of
interest rate hikes as they wrap up the
worst year for investment banking
Revenue since 2012 so this is what
they're saying I'm pretty optimistic and
so on of course they always say that
every single year but we're going to
look at that and see how it unfolds I
just want to make it clear that that the
businesses corporations big boys that
hire a lot of people or at least employ
a lot of people they are hoping that
2024 is a different year than 2023 than
2022 and you know we'll see what happens
as a result of that you know the stock
market performed very well the economy
on the other hand was a mixed bag that's
for
sure the dollar here doing well over the
last little while and you usually what
we see is the inverse to the stock
market uh but not necessarily so we got
to measure that in comparison to other
things dollar versus it other peers but
it could be the result of other peers
weakening considerably it depends on
what's going on with oil how's that
affecting one economy or another and so
on so the dollar is always going to be
that safe haven but if they say hey
we're going to cut rates we're going to
do this right now then it does in fact
weaken the dollar if the dollar is
weakened it looks more attractive for
exports it looks more attractive for
other countries to buy their debt things
like this but it's balanced out with
risk reward so keep that in mind all
right um after IR rocki couple of years
for the Chinese economy the country's
stock market appears to be in freefall
now authorities asking institutional
investors not to sell their stocks in an
attempt to stabilize share prices as
foreigners are ping out the exact
opposite was happening a while ago in
the United States where foreign
investment was at the highest level ever
and so you see that this is like a
stimulus in a way if a whole bunch of
different people from all over the world
are throwing money into your companies
that boosts your companies up but what's
happening here in China is the exact
opposite they're saying I want out now I
told you two things about China I said
hey if they get these two things going
this is the biggest contrarian bet
because everything had fallen so much
that it would just
Skyrocket what do we have we have to see
stimulus from the government that
they're going to hey we're going to go
out there we're going to pump cash the
next thing is the tech companies because
they were hammering them hard they're
saying herey we're going to put extra
regulations on you look at what's going
on with Alibaba 10cent all these things
I said if they start to ease up on those
restrictions
and make that known make it very clear
and they start printing money those two
things stock market's going to go wild
stock market is going to go wild and it
kind of looked like they were going to
do that for a little bit but at this
point no no clearly not and so you see
the effect of this directly in the stock
market so it's exactly as I said and in
this case here we just need to pay
attention to the information that's in
front of our eyes and we're going to be
able to determine what happens in the
future it's not a you know no stradamus
over here but these kind of things are
obvious Global debt refinancing costs
have soared Global bonds average yield
minus coupon on outstanding debt in
basis points just look at it what all
this means is that your government has
to pay more for their debt that they've
all added so imagine 2020 they add all
this debt and now they going to pay the
bill but that bill is even higher at the
highest it's ever been when you factor
in the amount of debt and how are they
going to pay that back well I've got a I
got a you know solution for them uh what
they can do is they can increase taxes
on the middle class you see that would
be the greatest way to do that because
that would punish you the most and what
about your property taxes you're
probably not paying much in property
taxes so they can take those property
taxes and they could add to them and
then they could add some additional
sales taxes and maybe some corporate
taxes and uh maybe some other things
that are snuck in here or there some
carbon taxes taxes on Farmers taxes on
crops taxes on Imports taxes on
exports taxes on
breathing right all of these things have
happened in one place or another over
the last little
while this is what we have to deal with
right now so what can we do about it
right that's the question well some
people try to speculate their way out of
it I'm just showing you here the most
valuable company well depends where you
look uh over time most valuable company
since
1995 Microsoft by the way had become the
most valuable company just now but you
can see over the years uh these things
do change certainly um very interesting
to see how the developments over time
and so on uh but it is showing us that
you've got to understand that nothing
lasts forever you can't get married to
one thing because uh there's always
going to be those Dynamics right so you
got to that means you've got to
constantly pay attention to what's
happening with your Investments where
your money is and so on if you are
looking for some strategies for some
help I have two two things that I do on
Fridays I do a 2hour session the money
GPS Finance live where I get into the
depths of this all of my group already
know all this information that we talked
about today and what we can outline here
is that um quite
frankly looking at the data it it looks
like conditions get worse so we need to
do better so during that session of
course I explain things they know things
that happen six months a year two years
out then on Sundays what I consider to
be more solutions which is building an
online business why and Beyond actually
online business but building a business
and having this because you can take
your money your capital and invest in
something that is scalable when you do
an investment when you do a stock
investment there's no scale there you
can't do that you can't scale it with a
business you could apply your capital in
and it scales on the back of these
platforms that I use so I talk about
that all the links uh Link in the
description there the money GPS live
okay I hope that you will join me on
those we got a fantastic small group of
people and I appreciate each and
everyone I want to thank you for being
here today hit that thumbs up button and
I'll see you tomorrow take care